everything that is talking about rodriguinho in the
area bringing another gameplay to you
I'm bringing a game called
London is a very cool game that
google released on February 30
launched para e oeci and android
So the line brings you here a
gameplay and I hope you like it
So enough of talk let's get the
gameplay as you can see I'm already
on a channel 4 is because here several channels
each a southern channel
there are several several good games
cool little pretty good to play and
Let's start talking, but it's important.
start with photo
here this game is that these people are
a bank robber
This is the main woman here, but in the
It is true that it is not the
are five members of the bank 's
steal bank that only enters is characters
main
Since when can I be a woman and
when I can be a man from time to time
When can I be the old man and ohio?
It's decided to play simple here.
as you can see the police arrived and
I pathetic pressing I detonate to
police that money
where I click the mega and she takes the day
As you can see from faits is where I
I can continue my tragedy right?
I have my escape here the police until the
I study marie car that already takes all
world made we loaded the game now it 's
very cool free understanding well
Even the explosion of effects are
and the hour and a simple game even
well then simply what you have
what to do here to escape the police
Why did you just steal a bank?
Our time, let's ask for a vote.
our role
well now it will debut in our pop series
dollar in cuba
I think I'm going to die the cargos died in
theory is not a very cool game either.
easy to judge the excellent graphics
Athina is perfect and the story is very
really cool, same cool
they are thieves who rob banks
even if it ends at the very front
they stand against them because they arrive
the amount of money that one gets a
too ambitious it is a steal the other
understood
then you will have to fight one against the
another in a very cool and fun game
that in a campaign that has already been in
First I can have lunch with a scheme.
for you a cool game really well
fun is a new campaign is a
new game is bigger for whoever wants
downloading leaves the link down and is
a throw of the era a throw graphics
perfect and I do not know if I already told you
time for android
and also for numbers or
windows phones né
It's really cool, it's really cool, even in
and the time charts
a little
I did not choose but you can.
not in this survey that is our
calm life there are villains study
opa was
ethan hen and there you have
I liked it if you liked this
favorite video on short video on channel
I will always be bringing several new features
games gives a replay
hence the sna games that are unique to
you
then she's mine if you liked the
favorite video and until next time
Paul is bad